Denver&#x27;s Best Hairstylist &#x2F;The Place Salon &#x2F;Michael Eatmon - Denver - Book Online - Prices, Reviews, Photos Booksy logo US flag us Hair Barber Nails Skin care Brows and lashes Massage Makeup Wellness and spa More... Braids and locs Tattoos Medical aesthetics Hair removal Home services Piercing Pet services Dental and orthodontics Health and fitness Professional services Other Hair Barber Nails Skin care Brows and lashes Massage Makeup Wellness and spa Braids and locs Tattoos Medical aesthetics Hair removal Home services Piercing Pet services Dental and orthodontics Health and fitness Professional services Other Denver&#39;s Best Hairstylist /The Place Salon /Michael Eatmon 2700 E 2nd Ave, 14, Denver, 80206 5.0 | 640 reviews Entrepreneur Services Popular Services Female Haircut Experience a rejuvenating shampoo, expert style, and signature blowout — the finishing touch of master craftsmanship at The Place Salon. $105.00 1h Book LONG $85.00 1h Book SHORT $95.00 1h Book MEDIUM Mens Haircut Experience a precision men’s haircut tailored to your personal style and features. Each cut is crafted with technical mastery and refined detail, ensuring a clean, polished, and confident look worthy of The Place Salon. $65.00 30min Book Partial HighLight Haircut Signature Partial Highlight with Designer Women’s Cut and Polished Blowout $195.00 2h Book SHORT $215.00 2h 30min Book MEDIUM $235.00 2h 45min Book LONG All Services 20 services Book Venue Health and Safety Rules Disinfection of all surfaces in the workplace Disinfection between clients Maintain social distancing Disposable supplies in use Place to wash hands available Amenities Parking space Credit cards accepted Accessible for people with disabilities Pets allowed Wi-Fi Reviews How reviews work 5.0 640 reviews 5 633 4 3 3 1 2 0 1 3 Client photos Confirmed client Service: Female Haircut Staffer: Michael Eatmona Always have a great experience with Michael. He’s a hair scientist! Cynthia Confirmed client Service: Partial HighLight Haircut Staffer: Michael Eatmona Michael Eatman is the best. I love how he explained things Conni Confirmed client Service: Female Haircut Staffer: Michael Eatmona Michael is the best. Period. D Response from the business Jun 8, 2026 You’re the best and thank you much for leaving me a review. Cheers and hugs Melissa Confirmed client Service: Partial HighLight Haircut Staffer: Michael Eatmona Awesome as usual! Thank you, Michael! D Response from the business May 31, 2026 So happpy you love your hairstyle and color. It’s my pleasure. Thank you very much. Big hugs Anna Confirmed client Service: All Over Color and Highlight , Female Haircut Staffer: Michael Eatmona I highly recommended Michael. He does wonders. Thank you! Anna Confirmed client Service: Female Haircut Staffer: Michael Eatmona My experience yesterday was horrible. Michael was chit chatting with people who wandered in and out of the salon and possibly not paying that much att... ention to what he was doing with my hair. This is the worst haircut I have ever had. I can&#39;t do anything with it, it doesn&#39;t lay right. The left side is feathered and the right side is thick and clumpy. It is way too short. Perhaps if he had shampooed and styled it he would have seen the problem. Instead he dry cut it and ushered me out. Fortunately I have s wig I can wear as I will not go out in public looking like this. I will not return to this salon. show more D Response from the business Apr 17, 2026 All though I have an open door policy so clients can come in and ask questions it’s rare that happens. Clients are given a choice when they ask just for a trim if they want a dry cut or a wet cut and you were charged with the cheaper of the two options which was a dry cut. Also I understand what you were upset about and it definitely was not your haircut. I will pray for you. Best wishes A.C Tonja Confirmed client Service: Partial HighLight Haircut Staffer: Michael Eatmon Always the best haircut! Georgia Confirmed client Service: Female Haircut Staffer: Michael Eatmon Good. Michelle Confirmed client Service: Mens Haircut Staffer: Michael Eatmon Excellent hair cut and I am very pleased. I have a service animal and Micheal was amazing with my helper. 5 + stats here. emmanuel Confirmed client Service: Mens Haircut Staffer: Michael Eatmon Paid attention to detail. 1 2 3 4 5 6 ... More pages 64 Packages Buy services in bulk and use them anytime. Show packages Denver&#39;s Best Hairstylist /The Place Salon /Michael Eatmon 2700 E 2nd Ave, 14, Denver, 80206 About us Right here in the heart of Cherry Creek North lies a special little Salon called The Place. I have been doing hair for over 35 years right here in this cute little, safe, and quiet neighborhood. I am a Master Stylist that will look at you as an individual and match your hair color for your skin tone and design a cut to fit your face shape, shaving years off your appearance and making you feel beautiful. Business hours Today 10:00 AM - 07:00 PM Show full week Booking Policies No waiting area Business details Social Media Website Report / Hair / Hair Salons in Denver, CO / Denver&#39;s Best Hairstylist /The Place Salon /Michael Eatmon US flag us Blog About Us FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Careers Booksy Biz Contact Appstore Combined Shape © 2026 Booksy Inc. All rights reserved Instagram icon Facebook icon Your Booksy Explore Appointments Profile